[OSDOCS-11001]: Moving HCP disconnected docs (#80675)
openshift/openshift-docs: hosted_control_planes/hcp-disconnected/hcp-deploy-dc-virt.adoc

toc::[]

When you deploy {hcp} in a disconnected environment, some of the steps differ depending on the platform you use. The following procedures are specific to deployments on {VirtProductName}.

:FeatureName: {hcp-capital} on {VirtProductName} in a disconnected environment
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

[id="prerequisites_{context}"]
== Prerequisites

* You have a disconnected {product-title} environment serving as your management cluster.
* You have an internal registry to mirror images on. For more information, see xref:../../installing/disconnected_install/index.adoc[Disconnected installation mirroring].

include::modules/hcp-dc-image-mirror.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/hcp-dc-apply-objects.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* For more information about mirroring nightly or CI versions of {product-title}, see xref:../../installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected.adoc#installing-mirroring-disconnected[Mirroring images for a disconnected installation using the oc-mirror plugin].

[id="hcp-dc-mce-virt"]
== Deploying {mce-short} for a disconnected installation of {hcp}

> The {mce} plays a crucial role in deploying clusters across providers. If you do not have {mce-short} installed, review the following documentation to understand the prerequisites and steps to install it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {mce} plays a crucial role in deploying clusters across providers. If you do not have the {mce-short} installed, review the following documentation to understand the prerequisites and steps to install it:
```

> * link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#mce-intro[About cluster lifecycle with multicluster engine operator]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#mce-intro[About cluster lifecycle with {mce-short}]
```

> * link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#mce-install-intro[Installing and upgrading multicluster engine operator]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#mce-install-intro[Installing and upgrading {mce-short}]
```

[id="hcp-dc-tls-virt"]
== Configuring TLS certificates for a disconnected installation of {hcp}

To ensure proper function in a disconnected deployment, you need to configure the registry CA certificates in the management cluster and the worker nodes for the hosted cluster.

include::modules/hcp-dc-tls-mgmt.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/hcp-dc-tls-hosted.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="hcp-dc-virt-hosted"]
== Creating a hosted cluster on {VirtProductName}

A hosted cluster is an {product-title} cluster with its control plane and API endpoint hosted on a management cluster. The hosted cluster includes the control plane and its corresponding data plane.

include::modules/hcp-virt-reqs.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/hcp-virt-create-hc-cli.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
include::modules/hcp-virt-ingress-dns.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="hcp-dc-virt-ingress-dns-custom"]
=== Customizing ingress and DNS behavior

> If you do not want to use the default ingress and DNS behavior, you can configure a KubeVirt hosted cluster with a unique base domain at creation time. This option requires manual configuration steps during creation and involves three main steps: cluster creation, load balancer creation, and wildcard DNS configuration.

Reviewer: Probably optional but these steps may use bullets.
"....involves three main steps: cluster creation, load balancer creation, and wildcard DNS configuration."

include::modules/hcp-dc-image-mirror.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/hcp-dc-apply-objects.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* For more information about mirroring nightly or CI versions of {product-title}, see xref:../../installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-disconnected.adoc#installing-mirroring-disconnected[Mirroring images for a disconnected installation using the oc-mirror plugin].

[id="hcp-dc-mce"]
== Deploying {mce-short} for a disconnected installation of {hcp}

The {mce} plays a crucial role in deploying clusters across providers. If you do not have {mce-short} installed, review the following documentation to understand the prerequisites and steps to install it:

* link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#mce-intro[About cluster lifecycle with multicluster engine operator]
* link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html/clusters/cluster_mce_overview#mce-install-intro[Installing and upgrading multicluster engine operator]

> include::modules/hcp-agentserviceconfig.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

Reviewer 2: This section belongs to 'Deploying hosted control planes on bare metal'.

Author: Good catch. I moved it out of the virtualization section and into the bare metal section.
